README.adoc, before:

= rewrite-funq project

This project is a content-rewriting function for Knative using Quarkus funq

== Scenario

In the scenario we rewrite the payload of an `Action` from https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-schemas-java[Java Avro Schemas] in a KNative sequence.

[ditaa]
....
+--------+  Action   +----------+   Action'  +-------+
| Source | --------> | rewriter |  --------> |  sink |
+--------+           +----------+            +-------+
....

Source can be anything that creates CloudEvents with an `Action` payload.




## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

== Upload to container repo

[source,bash]
----
docker build -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm -t pilhuhn/rewrite-funq .
docker push pilhuhn/rewrite-funq
----

== Deploy to knative

[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f src/main/knative/kpipe.yml
----



The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/rewrite-funq-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.

Commit message:

Change CloudEvent prefix in rules

README.adoc, after:

= rewrite-funq project

This project is a content-rewriting function for Knative using Quarkus funq

== Scenario

In the scenario we rewrite the payload of an `Action` from https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-schemas-java[Java Avro Schemas] in a KNative sequence.

[ditaa]
....
+--------+  Action   +----------+   Action'  +-------+
| Source | --------> | rewriter |  --------> |  sink |
+--------+           +----------+            +-------+
....

Source can be anything that creates CloudEvents with an `Action` payload.

The rewrite rules are encoded within the environment of the K-Service ( see
link:src/main/knative/kpipe.yml[kpipe.yml] ):

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: rewriter
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - image: pilhuhn/rewrite-funq
          env:
            - name: RULES
              value: |
                  key3: .ce.source       #1
                  key1: $key1 + .ce.id   #2
                  -key2                    #3
----
<1> Set `key3` to the name of the CloudEvent source
<2> Set `key1` to the previous value and append the CloudEvent id
<3> Delete `key2`


## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at http://localhost:8080/q/dev/.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

== Upload to container repo

[source,bash]
----
docker build -f src/main/docker/Dockerfile.jvm -t pilhuhn/rewrite-funq .
docker push pilhuhn/rewrite-funq
----

== Deploy to knative

[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f src/main/knative/kpipe.yml
----



The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/rewrite-funq-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.
